# Dependent types: exercises
1. Write an abstract syntax module with above contents and an appropriate English concrete syntax. Try to parse the commands dim the light and dim the fan, with and without solve filtering.

```hs
abstract SmartHouse = {

flags startcat = Command ;

cat
    Command ;
    Kind ;
    Device Kind ;
    Action Kind ;
    Switchable Kind ;
    Dimmable Kind ;

fun
    CAction : (k : Kind) -> Action k -> Device k -> Command ;

    light, fan : Kind ;
    dim_light : Action light ;
    dim_fan : Action fan ;


    --switchOn, switchOff : (k : Kind) -> Action k ;
    
    DKindOne  : (k : Kind) -> Device k ;

    --switchable_light : Switchable light ;
    --switchable_fan : Switchable fan ;
    --dimmable_light : Dimmable light ;

    --switchOn: (k: Kind) -> Switchable k -> Action k ;
    --dim : (k: Kind) -> Dimmable k -> Action k ;
}
```

2. Perform random and exhaustive generation, with and without solve filtering.

3. Add some device kinds and actions to the grammar.

# Exercises on variable bindings
1. Write an abstract syntax of the whole predicate calculus, with the connectives "and", "or", "implies", and "not", and the quantifiers "exists" and "for all". Use higher-order functions to guarantee that unbounded variables do not occur.

2. Write a concrete syntax for your favourite notation of predicate calculus. Use Latex as target language if you want nice output. You can also try producing boolean expressions of some programming language. Use as many parenthesis as you need to guarantee non-ambiguity.\

# Exercises on semantic definitions
1. Implement an interpreter of a small functional programming language with natural numbers, lists, pairs, lambdas, etc. Use higher-order abstract syntax with semantic definitions. As concrete syntax, use your favourite programming language.

2. There is no termination checking for def definitions. Construct an examples that makes type checking loop. Type checking can be invoked with put_term -transform=solve.