# Exercise
Make a list of the possible forms that nouns, adjectives, and verbs can have in some languages that you know.

# Exercise 
In an earlier exercise (previous section), you made a list of the possible forms that nouns, adjectives, and verbs can have in some languages that you know. Now take some of the results and implement them by using parameter type definitions and tables. Write them into a resource module, which you can test by using the command compute_concrete.

# Exercises on morphology
Identify cases in which the regNoun paradigm does not apply in English, and implement some alternative paradigms.

Implement some regular paradigms for other languages you have considered in earlier exercises.

# Exercises on regular patterns
The same rules that form plural nouns in English also apply in the formation of third-person singular verbs. Write a regular verb paradigm that uses this idea, but first rewrite regNoun so that the analysis needed to build s-forms is factored out as a separate oper, which is shared with regVerb.

Extend the verb paradigms to cover all verb forms in English, with special care taken of variations with the suffix ed (e.g. try-tried, use-used).

Implement the German Umlaut operation on word stems. The operation changes the vowel of the stressed stem syllable as follows: a to ä, au to äu, o to ö, and u to ü. You can assume that the operation only takes syllables as arguments. Test the operation to see whether it correctly changes Arzt to Ärzt, Baum to Bäum, Topf to Töpf, and Kuh to Küh.

# Exercise
Design a system of English verb paradigms presented by an overload group.

# Exercises on using parameters
Experiment with multilingual generation and translation in the Foods grammars.

Add items, qualities, and determiners to the grammar, and try to get their inflection and inherent features right.

Write a concrete syntax of Food for a language of your choice, now aiming for complete grammatical correctness by the use of parameters.

Measure the size of the context-free grammar corresponding to FoodsIta. You can do this by printing the grammar in the context-free format (print_grammar -printer=bnf) and counting the lines.

# Exercise
Define the language a^n b^n c^n in GF, i.e. any number of a's followed by the same number of b's and the same number of c's. This language is not context-free, but can be defined in GF by using discontinuous constituents.

Notes:
Supplementary constructs for concrete syntax
Record extension and subtyping
The symbol ** is used for both record types and record objects.

    lincat TV = Verb ** {c : Case} ;
  
    lin Follow = regVerb "folgen" ** {c = Dative} ;